Repo caching feature (#4554)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/02-Nov-2023/repo-caching-rn.md

---

> title: "New: Support for Git repository caching"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "New: Support for Git repository caching"
id: repo-caching
```
One of my biggest pet peeves is when the implementation details of our file naming leak out to the published URLs. `rn` doesn't mean anything to a reader and shouldn't be part of the URL, even if it's necessary for docusaurus' disambiguation internally.

Author: that's fair! i'll rename the file. thanks!

> description: "November 2023: New option in dbt Cloud to enable Git repository caching for your job runs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "November 2023: dbt Cloud can cache your project's code (as well as other dbt packages) to ensure runs can begin despite an upstream Git provider's outage."
```
Not just what, but why

sidebar_label: "New: Support for Git repository caching"
sidebar_position: 07
tags: [Nov-2023]
date: 2023-11-29
---

> Now available in dbt Cloud is a new option to enable Git repository caching for your job runs. When enabled, it tells dbt Cloud to cache your dbt project's Git repository and to use the cached copy instead if there's an outage with the Git provider. This feature helps improve the reliability and stability of your job runs. 

Reviewer 2: Probably should call out the explicit enterprise plan here.

Author: good flag!
